Document Page Builder initial support (#264)
front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com: source/docs/advanced/theme/wysiwyg.md

    </blockquote>

### Nested Wysiwyg components

In some cases, you will need to render a Wysiwyg component inside another Wysiwyg component. For instance, this can be the case if you implement a Product Preview feature in your Wysiwyg and want to display the description of the product. It is likely to have formatted text that can be defined directly in the administration panel.

Please be advised that we won't support infinite nested Wysiwyg component since it represents a huge performance risk for both you and your users. The goal would be instead to use only simplified Wysiwyg for nested data. In our Product Preview case, this means that instead of rendering a `MagentoWysiwyg` you would only render a `DefaultWysiwyg` that won't fetch additional data but only transform the basic HTML.

If you need more information about implementing this, please contact us.

### Dynamic styles

<blockquote class="feature--new">
_Since version 2.11_
</blockquote>

You may want to render inline styles dynamically when displaying WYSIWYG components. It can be required if content managers can customize how a given element is displayed for instance (e.g: alignment, border color etc…).

> Eeach `<WysiwygV2>` component is wrapped into a unique id. The Front-Commerce WYSIWYG provides a `<Style>` component that allows you to render styles that could be restricted to the current WYSIWYG context only (and prevent side effects on other parts of the page).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each `<WysiwygV2>` component is wrapped into a unique id. The Front-Commerce WYSIWYG mechanism provides a `<Style>` component that allows you to render styles that could be restricted to the current WYSIWYG context only (and prevent side effects on other parts of the page)
```
